fix(js): Add 1.1.x version for js React Native v5 push notification (#7689)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib-v1/push-notifications/react-native/getting_started/40_install_lib.mdx

In your project directory, you should first install the necessary dependencies for using Amplify Push Notifications.

```bash
npm install aws-amplify@^5 @aws-amplify/rtn-push-notification@~1.1.x amazon-cognito-identity-js @react-native-community/netinfo @react-native-async-storage/async-storage react-native-get-random-values react-native-url-polyfill
```

<Callout>

>     Please note that v5 is compatible only with @aws-amplify/rtn-push-notification version 1.1.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Amplify JavaScript v5 is only compatible with @aws-amplify/rtn-push-notification version 1.1.x
```
